README.md, before:

# continuum ![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/nalch/continuum.svg?branch=master)

A connect four derivative, that allows connections over the boards borders and insertions of pieces at the bottom and top falling to the middle of the board.
Based on the idea and rules of [kraiz](https://github.com/kraiz)


## Docker

The project can be run in a docker container using the provided dockerfile.
- change into project directory
- docker-compose up -d
- call http://localhost:8300

## Development

- Server: Node.js
- Client: AngularJS
- Tests: Mocha, Chai, Sinon, ESLint

### Tests

The tests are run via Mocha and Chai and reside in the test subfolder.
To run the tests with a local npm, run the mongodb service and call `npm test` and `npm run-script lint`.

Otherwise start the services, enter the nodejs service and call
```
  docker-compose exec nodejs /bin/bash
  npm test
  npm run-script lint
```

### Codestyle

The codestyle is enforced via eslint. The stylebundle is:
  - eslint:recommended
  - google
  - angular (for the angular components)

Custom rulechanges:
  - modified linelength of 120.
  - the angular controllers should be structured as follows
```
  angular.module('MyController', []).controller(
  'MyController',
  function($controller, ..., MyService, ..., myInitialValues, ...) {
    // controller initialisation
    var vm = this;
    $controller('ErrorController', {vm: vm});      // inherited controller logic
    vm.initialData = {};                           // initial data

    // available functions
    vm.myFunc = myFunc();

    // controller start
    vm.myFunc();

    // function implementations
    function myFunc() {
      ...
    }
```

The imports should follow the listed example and be ordered alphabetically inside their blocks:
```
var npmModule = require('npm-package');

var npmModuleClass = require('npm-package').Class;

var ownModule = require('../own/module');

var npmModuleClass = require('../own/module').Class;
```

## API

The core functionality of continuum is implemented through a REST-API. It deals with players, games and moves.

### Player

Commit message:

add hint to swagger doc

README.md, after:

# continuum ![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/nalch/continuum.svg?branch=master)

A connect four derivative, that allows connections over the boards borders and insertions of pieces at the bottom and top falling to the middle of the board.
Based on the idea and rules of [kraiz](https://github.com/kraiz)

## API

The REST-API, that handles the core functionality of organizing players, games and moves is documented with swagger.
The documentation and possibility to send requests is found under `<host>/api/api-doc.html`.

## Docker

The project can be run in a docker container using the provided dockerfile.
- change into project directory
- docker-compose up -d
- call http://localhost:8300

## Development

- Server: Node.js
- Client: AngularJS
- Tests: Mocha, Chai, Sinon, ESLint

### Tests

The tests are run via Mocha and Chai and reside in the test subfolder.
To run the tests with a local npm, run the mongodb service and call `npm test` and `npm run-script lint`.

Otherwise start the services, enter the nodejs service and call
```
  docker-compose exec nodejs /bin/bash
  npm test
  npm run-script lint
```

### Codestyle

The codestyle is enforced via eslint. The stylebundle is:
  - eslint:recommended
  - google
  - angular (for the angular components)

Custom rulechanges:
  - modified linelength of 120.
  - the angular controllers should be structured as follows
```
  angular.module('MyController', []).controller(
  'MyController',
  function($controller, ..., MyService, ..., myInitialValues, ...) {
    // controller initialisation
    var vm = this;
    $controller('ErrorController', {vm: vm});      // inherited controller logic
    vm.initialData = {};                           // initial data

    // available functions
    vm.myFunc = myFunc();

    // controller start
    vm.myFunc();

    // function implementations
    function myFunc() {
      ...
    }
```

The imports should follow the listed example and be ordered alphabetically inside their blocks:
```
var npmModule = require('npm-package');

var npmModuleClass = require('npm-package').Class;

var ownModule = require('../own/module');

var npmModuleClass = require('../own/module').Class;
```

## API

The core functionality of continuum is implemented through a REST-API. It deals with players, games and moves.

### Player
